feat(website): add ChatLog docs page (#2556)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/components/chat-log/index.mdx

          name
          status
          version
        }
      }
    }
    mdx(frontmatter: {slug: {eq: "/components/chat-log/"}}) {
      fileAbsolutePath
      frontmatter {
        slug
        title
        description
      }
      headings {
        depth
        value
      }
    }
    allAirtable(filter: {data: {Feature: {eq: "Chat Log"}}}) {
      edges {
        node {
          data {
            Documentation
            Figma
            Design_committee_review
            Engineer_committee_review
            Code
            status
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
`;

<NormalizeComponentHeader
  categoryRoute={SidebarCategoryRoutes.COMPONENTS}
  githubUrl="https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/tree/main/packages/paste-core/components/combobox"
  storybookUrl="/?path=/story/components-combobox--default-combobox"
  data={props.data}
  description={props.data.mdx.frontmatter.description}
/>

---

<contentwrapper>

<PageAside data={props.data.mdx} />

<content>

## Guidelines

### About Chat Log

A Chat Log is a way to display conversations between people and can include complex content like attachments. The chat can be between two or more people.

> The Chat Log package includes these main components: ChatLog, ChatMessage, ChatBubble, ChatBookend, ChatEvent, ChatAttachment, and ChatMessageMeta.

Reviewer: Suggestion: this would be more readable as an unordered list

export const Basic = () => {
  return (
    <ChatLog>
      <ChatMessage variant="inbound">
        <ChatBubble>Ahoy!</ChatBubble>
        <ChatMessageMeta aria-label="said by Gibby Radki 4 minutes ago">
          <ChatMessageMetaItem>Gibby Radki</ChatMessageMetaItem>
          <ChatMessageMetaItem>4 minutes ago</ChatMessageMetaItem>
        </ChatMessageMeta>
      </ChatMessage>
      <ChatMessage variant="outbound">
        <ChatBubble>Howdy!</ChatBubble>
        <ChatMessageMeta aria-label="said by you 2 minutes ago">
          <ChatMessageMetaItem>2 minutes ago</ChatMessageMetaItem>
        </ChatMessageMeta>
        <ChatMessageMeta aria-label="(read)">
          <ChatMessageMetaItem>Read</ChatMessageMetaItem>
        </ChatMessageMeta>
      </ChatMessage>
    </ChatLog>
  );
};
```

#### Props

##### ChatAttachment

| Prop             | Type                           | Description                                                                               | Default             |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |

> | `attachmentIcon` | `NonNullable<React.ReactNode>` | Specify a Paste Icon or Spinner to be displayed in the Avatar                             |                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `attachmentIcon` | `NonNullable<React.ReactNode>` | Specify a Paste Icon or Spinner to be displayed for the attachment                             |                     |
```

| `element?`  | `string`          | Overrides the default element name to apply unique styles with the Customization Provider | `'CHAT_EVENT'` |

##### ChatLog

| Prop        | Type              | Description                                                                               | Default      |
| ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ |
| `children?` | `React.ReactNode` |                                                                                           |              |
| `element?`  | `string`          | Overrides the default element name to apply unique styles with the Customization Provider | `'CHAT_LOG'` |

##### ChatMessage

| Prop        | Type                      | Description                                                                               | Default          |
| ----------- | ------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |

> | `variant`   | `'inbound' \| 'outbound'` | The variant of the message                                                                |                  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `variant`   | `'inbound' || 'outbound'` | The variant of the message                                                                |                  |
```

| `children`   | `NonNullable<React.ReactNode>` |                                                                                           |                       |
| `element?`   | `string`                       | Overrides the default element name to apply unique styles with the Customization Provider | `'CHAT_MESSAGE_META'` |

##### ChatMessageMetaItem

| Prop       | Type                           | Description                                                                               | Default                    |
| ---------- | ------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
| `children` | `NonNullable<React.ReactNode>` |                                                                                           |                            |
| `element?` | `string`                       | Overrides the default element name to apply unique styles with the Customization Provider | `'CHAT_MESSAGE_META_ITEM'` |

### Figma

<Callout>
  <CalloutTitle as="h4">Chat Log components are not in the Paste Component Library yet</CalloutTitle>
  <CalloutText>

>     To find the phase 1 components, see{' '}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    To find the Stage 1 components, see{' '}
```

Maybe also a note about what the Stage 1 figma assets are
